hi this is belinda with home gardens to
go teaching you more about Square Foot
Gardening I wanted to show you my little
drip kit that I've got available and how
it works on a four by four or a four by
eight square foot garden basically
you've got this main line here what I've
got here is up got an add-on kit with it
as well but this main line just comes on
the outside of the box here and our hose
attaches right here and then you've got
these drips it's a gyp take that just
runs along the length of your foot
you'll put two of these strips / for my
foursquare
and these actually have drips every 4
inches drip emitters on this so you're
going to have 44 drips in 1 12 inch
square which is really ideal for the
size and then over here I'll show you
how this this is an add-on kit so you
can actually attach two systems together
to water two boxes and I have these
available for four by eight boxes as
well but basically this will work for
with one hose attachment so the assembly
basically entails using these little
barbs and I like to use a some pliers to
hold that with and you know just
inserting that right into this micro
tubing and it takes a little bit of
forest to insert that so you've got
eight of those to insert and then once
they're in in this tubing like this you
will just poke them right into the main
line like this poke it right in and
that's pretty simple to do you've got
eight of these pieces and you will
insert them run into the main line and
it snaps like that and then your drip
tips is here also if your box is just a
little different size than this this
drip tape there's a simple way to adjust
the size of the tape this one screw
right here
and then you can pull this tape off and
you can trim it and cut it to the size
that will fit your box better and then
you just push that back on and then
screw it back on like that and then
you've got it just the size you need